(light beams whoosh)
(theme music begins)
♪ Oh, yeah, breathe in deep
♪ Trying to take the leap
♪ Believe you can fly
♪ Become the wind
♪ Soar beyond the unknown
(theme music continues)
♪ Can't hold back
this lightning speed ♪
♪ Trust your heart
will take the lead ♪
♪ Never turning back and
never letting fate decide ♪
♪ Skies ahead may not be blue
♪ That don't mean we
can't break through ♪
♪ Leave your cares behind
♪ We'll never know
until we try ♪
♪ So what can we say
♪ We'll blaze our own way
♪ We'll make it up
♪ We're cranking
up the altitude ♪
♪ Oh, yeah, breathe in
deep, gonna take the leap ♪
♪ Sail into the sky
♪ Over the horizon,
adventure waits ♪
♪ It's calling you
♪ Don't dare think twice
♪ Just take the dive
♪ Yeah, become the wind
♪ And soar beyond the unknown
♪ Chasing the
light of tomorrow ♪
♪ Illuminate a new,
and glorious world ♪
(worrisome music)
[Narrator] This is
the mysterious world
where Digimon live.
The Digital World.
Here, Tai and the
other Digi-destined,
alongside their partner Digimon,
at last, succeeded in finding
the key to saving the world
by meeting the Celestial
Digimon, Patamon.
Thus, their primary
mission was fulfilled.
(magical music)
But there was still
a battle to be fought
against DanDevimon,
the crazed Mega Digimon
who digivolved by
absorbing energy
from the confusion
of the real world.
(explosion booming)
Through their frantic efforts,
Tai and the others
managed to survive.
But destiny wasted no time
in bringing their next
adventure to them.
(ground rumbling)
(Tai groaning)
Huh?
Agumon.
(Agumon groaning)
You okay?
Hi, Tai.
(Tai chuckles)
-[Matt] Oh, come on.
-Huh?
I mean, you'd think we'd
get at least a little break.
Huh?
Er, guys.
(both groaning)
(anxious music)
(waves crashing)
(ground rumbling)
(engine revving)
[Pilot] Four Charlie Bravo
Delta, we are clear.
[Controller] All units
stand by after takeoff
in area Tango, Oscar,
Echo, India, Zero, Eight
and await further orders.
-(engines whizzing)
-This is not a drill.
Repeat, this is not a drill.
Now an update on
that tanker collision
in the Strait of Hormus.
Earlier today, the
White House announced
that the possibility of this
being an act of terrorism
has not been ruled out
and appropriate measures
have been taken.
Fighter jets have
been sent to the area
by a U.S. carrier fleet situated
off the coast of Bahrain.
Consequently, tensions
between nations in the region
are rising, and the risk
of military conflict
in the Strait of
Hormus has spiked.
Oh no, this is turning
into a really big problem.
Wait, I've read about this.
Unlike the Strait of Malacca,
there's already been a
lotta military tension
between the U.S. and Iran
in the Strait of
Hormus in the past.
An accident there,
of all places.
Yeah, what about it?
Would be more
dangerous than ever.
An accident right
there, right now
could very well lead to war.
(all gasping)
The Digimon's
infiltration of the AIS.
is spreading more and more.
Hmm, the AI-what?
AIS.
Hey, at least you
got the A right,
it was a valiant effort.
-Thanks for playing.
-(Mimi scoffing)
The AIS is a system that
uses digital GPS signals
to identify a ship's location.
So you always know
where that ship is.
-Oh.
-Hmm-uh.
Yeah.
So then that means that the AIS
is part of the network as well.
And the infiltration of the
AIS is only getting worse?
-Yeah.
-(computer buzzing)
It's the same thing
as when that tanker
went out of control.
But it's on a whole
different level this time.
(Sora gasping)
(flames blazing)
(wind whistling)
(both gasping)
(both groaning)
What the?
Wait a minute.
(tense music)
What am I seeing?
What the heck's going on?
Weren't we just sinking under
the sea a minute or two ago?
That's what I thought.
Why are we falling
out of the sky now?
Matt, up there.
Look.
What?
Hey, hold on, is that
the Cloud Continent?
I think so.
Which means that we (groans),
while we were traveling
across land and sea,
that whole time we were
actually on top of that?
Well, we're sure not
on top of it anymore.
So what's gonna
happen to us now?
TK, are you all right?
-(Patamon whooshing)
-Patamon.
(Matt grunting)
(Matt sighing)
Oh, thank you, Matt.
You know you really should
look before you leap.
Patamon.
-(both laughing)
-TK.
Er, hey, Matt?
I'm not really clear on
what happened after Devimon,
you know, went
and gobbled me up.
(Matt sighing)
But, we did beat
Devimon, didn't we?
Yeah.
With you and Agumon.
[Both] Huh?
But as far as what actually
happened back there...
Your guess is every
bit as good as mine.
Hmm?
-(engine roaring)
-(all gasping)
(Digimon roaring)
Whoa, hey, isn't
that the Digimon
that was carrying
Devimon's castle?
I think ElDradimon's
saying something.
Yeah.
Patamon?
(anxious music)
Here, take a look at this.
The red ones are all ships
that are out of control
due to the infiltration
of the AIS.
-(Mimi gasping)
-Are you serious?
There are way too many
to stop all of them.
[Megakabuterimon]
Are you there, Izzy?
Did you find anything?
Oh, we found
something, all right.
These guys are at the
root of the problem.
(tense music)
(electrical buzzing)
We have a new enemy.
An explosive
outbreak of Zurumon.
(both groaning)
(computer beeping)
Zurumon.
(both gasping)
They're Digimon in training.
So now these guys are the
source of the problem?
That's right.
I've never seen an attack
of this magnitude before.
[Megakabuterimon] What do we do?
There's so many,
it seems hopeless.
I'm on it.
Give me a minute, I'll
come up with a plan.
[Megakabuterimon] We're
counting on you, Izzy.
(Sora gasping)
(worrisome music)
[Sora] Kari?
(air whooshing)
(tense music)
A sea of clouds.
How far are we gonna fall?
-(Tai gasping)
-(TK groaning)
(Digimon snickering)
-What are those?
(both yelling)
[Patamon] They're Mamemon.
And the big ones are Bigmamemon.
-(worrisome music)
-(Digimon snickering)
(explosion booming)
(all groaning)
(all yelling)
(explosions booming)
(ElDradimon growling)
(Digimon squeaking)
(explosion booming)
-(all thudding)
-(all groaning)
(Tai groaning)
(Digimon squeaking)
-(explosion booming)
-(all groaning)
What's with these guys?
They'll annihilate
anything that happens
to get in the way of the swarm.
It doesn't matter if
it's friend or foe.
Man, they're relentless.
Where do they all keep
coming from anyway?
Tai, I...
I'm all out of energy.
I know the feeling.
(Gabumon groaning)
Just hang in there.
(Digimon squeaking)
Check that dude out.
Looks like a balloon with feet.
Don't tell me you're impressed?
-(explosion booming)
-(Tai groaning)
(Digimon squeaking)
(all gasping)
(explosion booming)
(all yelling)
(all screaming)
-(air whooshing)
-(logo jingling)
(all screaming)
Huh?
(Leomon whooshing)
Leomon.
You all right?
We are now.
Perfect timing.
Wow, thanks a lot.
We were following you guys,
and we thought we were
headed for Devimon's castle
until this happened.
Though to be honest, I
have no idea what this is.
Well, we're both on
the same page there.
[Leomon] In any case, we're
happy to reunite with you.
(Digimon squeaking)
(ElDradimon roaring)
That Digimon is
crying out for help.
-You can tell that?
-Hmm-uh.
Hey, Leomon, isn't that
one of Deivimon's henchmen?
Hold on, could that
really be ElDradimon?
That's right.
He's been around ever
since the ancient times.
He's a mega-level Digimon.
I'd always heard rumors
that ElDradimon existed
somewhere on the Cloud Continent
but to think I'd
see the real thing.
But what would make such a
Digimon serve under Devimon?
ElDradimon was a strong Digimon.
But then the miasma
swamps that emerged
across the continent
tainted ElDradimon's body.
And the weakened ElDradimon
was taken advantage
of by Devimon.
So that's what happened.
By the way, who is that?
(chuckles) That's Patomon,
the Celestial Digimon.
The what?
It looks like ElDradimon
still can't move very well
after being bound by
miasma for so long.
If falls in this condition...
(TK gasping)
ElDradimon needs
our help, you guys.
After all, if it wasn't for him,
I would never have met Patamon.
(uplifting music)
All right, let's do it.
Yeah, let's do it.
We'll all do it.
Count me in.
Me too, Matt.
Will you help us too, Leomon?
Certainly.
But have you
developed a plan yet?
Oh, yeah.
All right, then.
Agumon and Gabumon
look exhausted
so if there's any heavy
lifting to be done,
it might be best if
you leave it to us.
Let's go.
(ElDradimon growling)
(computer beeping)
Is something wrong?
Just wondering what
you're all doing.
Oh, uh, it's kind of
hard to explain, Kari.
Do we have any
countermeasures yet?
It's still analyzing.
-But don't worry.
-(tense music)
(electrical buzzing)
-(boat horn honking)
-(ships booming)
I will find the solution.
(computer beeping)
-(containers booming)
-(waves crashing)
(computer beeping)
(Kari gasping)
(ElDradimon groaning)
Here comes the ocean.
What do we do?
[Tai] If we hit the water
going at this speed...
[Agumon] We'll be
smashed to smithereens.
We gotta make a soft landing.
Just like with a disabled plane.
Get us down closer
to ElDradimon.
(tense music)
Hey, Leomon, is there any way
you can get ElDradimon's
body to level out?
I'll sure try, but it
might get a little rough.
(Digimon squeaking)
(Leomon growling)
[Leomon] Fist of the Beast King.
(explosion booming)
(ElDradimon growling)
(Digimon squeaking)
Yes.
Now comes the hard part.
Come on, Tai, you got this.
Do it, Matt.
(all gasping)
(tense music)
(all yelling)
[Patamon] Boom Bubble.
(sword whooshing)
(Digimon squeaking)
(ElDradimon groaning)
ElDradimon, sorry, I know
that had to be painful.
We're just trying to make
sure you land safely.
Okay, get ready.
(Digimon squeaking)
(feet stomping)
(explosions booming)
(both groaning)
I'll handle them.
(Leomon grunting)
(explosions booming)
-(Digimon squeaking)
-(Leomon grunting)
(explosions booming)
-(sword whooshing)
(Digimon squeaking)
We're still going too fast.
There's no way we'll survive
the impact at this speed.
(Tai groaning)
-(explosion booming)
-(ElDradimon growling)
Well, that slowed
us up a little.
ElDradimon, that's good,
keep your head up
just like that.
You can do it.
-(Digimon squeaking)
-(explosion booming)
(both groaning)
(Tai groaning)
-(Digimon squeaking)
-(all groaning)
(Digimon squeaking)
(all yelling)
(sword clanging)
(Leomon grunting)
(Digimon squeaking)
(explosions booming)
Leomon.
It still isn't slow enough.
If we could just soften
the impact at least...
(both groaning)
You see that?
There's our answer.
Huh?
It's all or nothing.
(upbeat music)
(explosions booming)
Matt, Tai, be careful.
-(Digimon squeaking)
-(explosion booming)
(all yelling)
(explosions booming)
Agumon.
Gabumon.
All right.
Let's do it.
(both yelling)
(singing in Japanese)
[Agumon] Agumon digivolve to...
[Greymon] Greymon.
[Gabumon] Gabumon
digivolve to....
[Garurumon] Garurumon.
All right, Greymon.
Garurumon.
Hey, Tai.
Sorry for the wait.
(Leomon grunting)
Try and shoot those big
ones down towards the ocean.
You just have to hit 'em.
[Greymon] Nova Blast.
[Garurumon] Howling Blaster.
(blasts whizzing)
(Digimon squeaking)
(blast whizzing)
(upbeat music)
Nailed it.
Keep going.
(blast whizzing)
(upbeat music)
(singing in Japanese)
[Garurumon] I'm getting
the hang of this.
[Greymon] Yeah.
(blasts whizzing)
Don't stop now.
-(sword whooshing)
-(Leomon grunting)
(blast whizzing)
-Almost there.
-Come on.
(blasts whizzing)
-(upbeat music)
-(singing in Japanese)
(Digimon squeaking)
(ElDradimon booming)
(ElDradimon groaning)
(all groaning)
(Digimon popping)
(waves crashing)
(ElDradimon vocalizing)
(all sighing)
What a relief.
(gentle music)
(both groaning)
Hey, nice job, Agumon.
-It was nothing.
-(stomach growling)
But boy am I hungry.
(both sighing)
Yeah, I could eat.
Hey, man, I'm hungry too.
(hands slapping)
-(computer beeping)
-Huh?
Hey, wait, I've got it.
[All] Huh?
(Kari sighing)
(upbeat music)
♪ We're falling rapidly
♪ Are we gonna lose it all?
♪ What is it you're
waiting for? ♪
♪ The headwind's signaling
♪ That we better
give this our all ♪
♪ Believe and push forward
♪ Is this the strength
we've been looking for? ♪
♪ Is this the reason we need
to kick down the door? ♪
♪ Is the seed of failure
sprouting into wings? ♪
♪ Does the past
decide the future? ♪
♪ So if you hope
to see a rainbow ♪
♪ You need to open
up your eyes ♪
♪ Take a helping
hand and understand ♪
♪ That it's time you realize
♪ If you wanna make
your dreams reality, ♪
♪ It may not be easy
♪ Just take a breath
and take a chance ♪
♪ Next thing you know,
♪ You're a shining
beacon in the sky ♪
[Izzy] The Digimon Encyclopedia.
Megakabuterimon.
When this Digimon
digivolves from Kabuterimon,
the horn's more prominent
and the body's more muscular.
The special move is Horn Buster.
Now, let's check this out.
Because the body gets bigger,
it's more comfortable
to ride on.
There's no need for
a special cushion.
Though I wouldn't mind
a mount for my tablet.
I wonder if I
should ask for one.
(logo whooshing)
Which Digimon will
it be next time?
[Narrator] Tai and the others
battle against the odds
in an ocean teeming
with enemy Digimon.
Will they survive this
ultimate challenge?
[Tai] Next time "Break Through
the Sea Monster Barricade".
[Narrator] The adventure
continues in a new world.